you know you look sharp tonight is that
Cologne I smell and you do so how was
your day yesterday yesterday I was
standing at the Waldorf Astoria right
away that's where I live out in front of
Waldorf Astoria
thank you give me a nice quiet room for
a hurricane folks I appreciate it you
know this is a good crowd at the end it
bird was a good airline testing school
tomorrow yeah I'm ready
let me ask you a couple of questions out
what's the definition of bacteria it's
the rear end of the cafeteria what was
king louie xiv responsible for terrific
Thank You Jerry and Dino how about a
hand for him okay oh well we do have a
great show for you tonight
starring your headliner New York girls
come on I'm like come on that's like
chewing gum with a wrapper honey please
what the fuck's the matter with you
you're supposed to be warming the crowd
up not freezing them out three couples
got up and walked tonight huh and how
many times have you to tell that little
prick yours to stop insulting the food
you insult my food you insult me hey now
don't talk back to me through the dummy
it wasn't funny when you were on stage
and it's not funny now you got that huh
you listening Lou me and Dino got good
material but that crowd wasn't listening
I can't be an opening act oh maybe it
might get better if I put you on just
before the head
at least that would be great or I could
put you on stage after the headliner and
you could clean the drug shop or better
yet I could put you in the men's room
with a towel and two cakes of soap and
then you'd actually be worth what I'm
paying you lighten up
I got the number for tonight we sold out
again I am beat puffy at home hey Lou I
could have done that bad you sold out it
wasn't because you asked oh they came to
see Tony metropolis you want to see what
a real headliners like watch and learn
ladies and gentlemen please help me
welcome Tony metropolis the king of
Canarsie
Hey are we doing first of all who's from
skooby back back reach out a little bit
went down to Tennessee like three genes
from manga lights down there I'm kidding
first of all one's nice how you doing
okay you do it fuck shut up you know
what I mean I mean you bump into someone
they're walking up poop Canora see it's
what's about you know you walk around
you bump into someone here forget about
lady watch where you walk and I just you
can see that all these kids drove in
from Brooklyn to see Tony metropolis the
king of Canarsie that's the star my
friend there to get these animals they
got Birds even the birds are nice cheap
cheap cheap cheap cheap
I mean Canarsie we're even of pigeons it
does
excuse me that's a bridge baguette
man tonight you suck worse than a
two-dollar hooker Oh give him a break
he's just starting out so how'd you do
that I killed I got killed let you own
fault my friend come on give him a break
Tony come on this guy needs to learn a
lesson are you kidding me you doing a
ventriloquist act at this day and age
that's so old-school you kidding me 10
minutes about a buzz saw and then
they've got me dead it's not in fact
that's creepy exactly
it's creepy you take me I got my own
series coming up look in your fan I see
I'm head lying all over the place got
Wyoming Nebraska never fucking been
there but you know why I can because my
comedy where's it come from right here
right fucking here my comedy your comedy
comes from a fucking dummy case closed
so until your economy starts coming from
your gut you're always gonna be the poor
schmuck who leaves with the fucking
dummy come on Silas go get some bitches
you can have the left oh no I like a
wall fuck he's got his tongue so far up
Tony's ass he can taste toothpaste no I
mean I think you can be very funny Jerry
but you're holding back I mean I can
feel I know the audience can you should
start listening to that little voice
inside of you you should try it sometime
8.now hold the gear over here this
workmanship where did you come from some
rich guy buy you for his kids probably
didn't appreciate you you can come home
with me what's your name
RIT RIT looks like this is the beginning
of a beautiful friendship